---
layout: post
title: Missing Symbols and Dead Priests - Pt. 3
date: 2020-04-19 19:00:00 +0000
categories: session
---

## Date 719HE/F07

After a fitful rest in the barricaded locker room, our heroes sallied forth to
investigate the subterranean temple.

In one corner of the main room, they discovered the flayed bodies of a couple of
children. In the other corner, what appeared to be a bundle of rags were the
other children taken from the city above, who, after some improvised medical
attention were grateful to be rescued.

The two large statues depicted the same seated, winged skeletal figure as the
statuette they had found on the body of the temple attackers they had dealt with
above ground.

On the blood soaked altar they found a damaged manuscript; one side bearing a
Mark of Zarg with annotations and the other some text in a script that Ninny G
recognised as Zargassian.

Off the main room were two smaller chambers. One was a scene of visceral horror,
a surgical table slick with blood and cabinets full of tools for engendering
pain and suffering. The other room proved quite hard to access as Ulunnuh
couldn't get the lock picked, but he did manage to trigger the attached trap!
Finally, Tynwurm booted the doors in, to reveal six chests.

After a careful, cautious and thorough investigation of each chest to make sure
it was not a Mimic, the team found the four Symbols stolen from the temples.

The band then found a barracks of sorts, a collection of beds and a single
chestâ€¦.

After defeating the Mimic they so carelessly woke up, the group, with the three
children in tow, made their way back through the sewers, pausing only briefly to
battle with a large albino crocodile that was living in one of the larger
cisterns of the sewers. Amazing what people flush away, isn't it?

Eventually our adventurers met up with Corporal Hammerstein and Guard Ismat,
both of whom had been waiting patiently all these hours, and ascended to streets
above.

The Corporal thanked the group for their help and went back to fill out reports
on the matter.

Our heroes returned the stolen Symbols and missing children, and received the
promised reward and grateful thanks of the priests.As the night was beginning to
draw in, they returned to the Stiff Finger to rest and consider what they had
found.
